Detailed documentation (#22)
teamneusta/pimcore-http-cache-bundle: doc/9-error-handling.md

## Error Handling

> You may want to catche exception from the bundle, for this you can use the `PimcoreHttpCacheException::class` class.
> Interface implemented by all exceptions thrown by the bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to catch exception from the bundle, for this you can use the `PimcoreHttpCacheException` interface which is implemented by all exceptions thrown by the bundle.
```

> We also log exceptions thrown by Symfony  [Http Cache Bundle](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSHttpCacheBundle/) on invalidation of cache tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also log exceptions thrown by the [FOSHttpCacheBundle](https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSHttpCacheBundle/) on invalidation of cache tags.
```
